I'm seeing someone.
- What? - I have a boyfriend.
You're dating?
Who is this scum?
Scum?
Who is this person that has the honor of dating you?
Gong Ji Won.
What?
It's Gong Ji Won.
- Gong Ji Won. - President Gong?
The Gong Ji Won that I know of? The member of the Four Bongos?
Yes.
How about "We Got Married"?
We need to deal with that first.
Don't you know what happens to those who get involved in scandals?
And he's Anthony's brother.
Like it or not, you're Anthony's wife to the public.
Gosh. This is a nicer version of the story.
Are you trying to ruin your life?
That's why I told you to sort it out for me.
I told you...
to tell me everything if anything happens. Everything.
Where do I start?
I'll do it.
I've talked to Anthony.
- What? - Just follow me.
She's so serious about this.
She'd be sad to stop shooting this program.
Doesn't she like Anthony?
She loves him.
But she says it's different.
- You know what she says. - "He needs to date a better girl."
"Why would he like me?"
Are you talking about these?
Yes.
I'm really sorry.
Weren't we going to continue until season 10?
I know it's going to cause problems for the staff,
but I thought it'd be better to tell you in advance.
Yes, thank you.
Now that you've told me the truth, I can at least try to find a way.
There has been so many scandals,
but many of them could have been prevented if only they had told us.
In many cases, the problem got worse because they didn't tell us.
So the program has a bad image.
It's on top of the list of programs that people want abolished.
Still, I'm sorry.
But I was moved.
Most people ask their managers to take care of things like this.
You and Anthony...
came to me in person.
Let's part ways amicably.
- Anthony was here? - Just now.
He sat right there.
He said he talked to you...
and that he's quitting for health reasons.
Now, I see it was an excuse.
After he left, I thought about what to do.
We'll turn your honeymoon...
into a farewell trip.
To do that, we'll need to tape another interview.
Thank you. I'll make it up to you.
Call me whenever you need me.
Just not for "We Got Married".
Thank you.
Your last episode won't air for a few weeks.
Beware of reporters.
They always sniff something out.
There might already be one on your tail.
Okay.
- My goodness. - I beg of you.
Please...
do not upload the article.
I have nothing to my name,
so this is all I can do.
And you still want to do "We Got Married"?
No.
- It's not that. - Then what?
Why are you going out on a limb?
People will at least pity you if this goes out.
Oh, are you worried about your fake wife?
Or the brother you aren't related to? Or both?
Gosh, you're such a saint.
Anthony.
Our industry is a mess,
but it's not child's play.
If you have the energy to plead on your knees,
think up...
something romantic to say on social media...
when the news breaks tomorrow, okay?
Ho Sung.
Why didn't you call last month?
Do you know how worried I was?
It's getting cold. Are your bronchial tubes acting up?
My poor daughter.
Drink balloon flower root tea often,
and don't eat or drink anything that's cold.
What are you doing? Come inside.
Why won't you come inside?
Come to my place.
Did you wait for me to make me hot chocolate?
You love it on a cold day.
By the way,
why did you look at me like that earlier?
How?
You looked like you had something to say.
- You were mistaken. - Was I?
The dracaena fragrans you gave me died.
Isn't that a bad omen?
It bothered me the whole day.
- What's going on? - My neck hurts.
Is something up?
Yes.
I'm teasing you.
Here.
Nothing's wrong, so stop asking.
Something's up with me.
I decided to quit "We Got Married".
I talked to Anthony and told the team today.
You just have to say I did the right thing.
Well done.
Drink up. It'll make you feel better.
Okay.
Ji Won.
I'll tell my family.
It's good.
- Is it good? - Yes.
(The 13th story: While You Are in Love)
(Episode 25)
I bought this.
What's that? Glasses?
Reading glasses.
Mom's has farsightedness.
She must be getting old.
She's aging.
Everyone ages. We're growing old too.
When do you think your mom's getting old?
When she keeps saying she wishes I were 18.
What about you?
When she hates taking photos.
She says her age shows in photos.
I have a favorite photo of her.
I think we were about 4 or 5.
It's a photo of me,
Ho Sung, and Mom taken outside grandmother's house.
There's a flared, one-piece dress that Mom always wore to go out.
She always wore a cosmos brooch whenever she wore that dress.
There was a ruby at the center.
That's what she's wearing in that photo.
I remember bits and pieces from that day.
Either the weather was great or I felt great,
but the brooch sparkled even more than usual,
and Mom looked so pretty and sweet.
She was young.
In that photo,
Mom would've been 10 years younger than I am now.
Stop staring into the distance, and eat.
You aren't even well.
She's so cruel.
I wish she'd just let me hear her voice.
She was a mom's girl,
so why is she hurting me so much?
It's been over 10 years already.
Stop it already.
How can I stop when she's my daughter?
My heart breaks a little...
whenever I put rice in the cooker.
I wonder if she's eating well...
or if she ever has to tiptoe around others.
Oh dear.
I just wish I could see her eat a hot meal in front of me.
So eat, will you?
Eat so you have the energy to wait for her.
Okay, I'll come to your place.
Bye.
- Anthony? - Yes.
I think I have to go and see him.
- Can I go? - Of course.
Eat something nice with him.
He'd feel lonely eating all alone.
Don't you feel lonely without me?
I do.
But I'll let Anthony borrow you today.
He's changed.
- Ji Won's changed his mind. - Why?
He's always talking about his brother.
It's your honeymoon phase.
He should be carrying you around.
What about you? Does he carry you around?
Of course.
- It's so uncomfortable. - What's uncomfortable?
It's just too much. It's so uncomfortable.
Are you not a match?
Isn't Woo Sung so handsome though?
The Jung Woo Sung we all know?
Yes. He looks like Son Seok Hee.
He's so intellectual and cute too.
He has teeth like a rabbit's. He goes like this.
Gosh, you're under his spell.
Why do you feel uncomfortable? What's the problem?
I don't know. I feel fine before we meet.
I take two hours to shower,
exfoliate, give myself a facial,
and change 10 times.
And I wear a really nice perfume.
Could it be because you like him? Because you want him to like you?
Is that it?
But for some strange reason, when we meet, I feel uncomfortable.
It's so awkward between us.
Introduce him to us. Let us size him up.
Bring him with you.
Will you know when you see him?
Of course. Third parties can be more objective.
Okay. If that's the case, you should call someone too.
Ask Ji Won to come.
I told you. He's meeting his brother.
Oh, right. Young Shim, you need to bring someone.
Bring whom? I've been single for 35 years without any flings.
- Then call your dad at least. - Hey, you!
That guy.
"Don't be late!"
No, no. You're doing it wrong. "Don't be late!"
- This is it. - Call that guy.
No way. He yelled at me today.
A crisis hides an opportunity!
I'm at Jin Jin's fried chicken restaurant. Want to swing by here?
Where are you?
(Recent call history: Ah Reum, Kang Kyung Seok, Jin Jin...)
(Kang Kyung Seok)
My goodness. Hey!
Hey, have you gone mad? Don't call him. Hey!
- Ah Reum, don't. Please don't. - This is Kang Kyung Seok speaking.
Are you serious? Mr. Kang.
Hello, Mr. Kang.
Are you sure?
We should call President Jang. He needs to come up with a plan.
There's no need.
You're certain, right? But how did you get him to change his mind?
- With my heart. - Unbelievable.
Do you have company?
Yes, it's Ji Won.
- Ji Won? - Don't you say a word to him.
Take them back on your way home.
Okay.
Please tell her that I really liked the soup.
Sure.
I thought about why I was sick.
I think it was because of the ox bone soup.
I got so excited that...
I must have rushed and inhaled the soup.
It must've been really difficult for me.
I don't think I can eat ox bone soup ever again.
So I don't plan on eating it.
I won't even look at it.
Don't you like ox bone soup?
Yes, I do.
Then you can have my serving as well.
Wait, no. You'd eat a lot even if not for me.
You like ox bone soup just as much.
Oh, right. You said you needed to talk to me.
So do I.
Should I go 1st? Or do you want to go 1st?
- Let me go first. - Sure.
I'm...
seeing Jin Jin.
She's my first love.
You have a long history.
I'm sorry for not telling you sooner.
Is it my turn now?
Yes.
I'll drop out of "We Got Married" as soon as possible.
I'm not doing it for you.
I wanted to quit because I'm not cut out for that show.
You don't need to worry about that.
By the way, until we end the program,
you two should be careful.
I heard some chatter circulating among reporters.
And lastly,
this is really important.
Go ahead.
Do you want jjajangmyeon?
Yes.
I want a supersize.
Whom did you text? Did you text Ji Won?
Don't worry. He's not coming.
I hope at least one person would show up.
This is driving me crazy.
I can't believe this.
I know. Exactly.
- I'm going to kill you. - Why?
You're going to pay for this.
You have no boundaries.
- I can't believe you. - "Mr. Kang."
What? What is it?
Hello, Mr. Kang.
Hi.
I'm Kang Kyung Seok.
- Hi. - Hello.
May I come in?
Would you like some beer?
Lawyer Jang and I had too much to drink the other day.
I'll stick with soda.
Why did you come here?
I enjoy the atmosphere, not the drinks.
Young Shim is the same way.
Do you have a girlfriend?
No.
How about a wife?
- I'm not married. - Neither is Young Shim.
Then where do you live?
I live in Gujeon-dong. It's 20 minutes away on foot.
It's 20 minutes away from Young Shim's house too.
How tall are you?
I'm a bit less than 180cm.
That's perfect. Their height difference is 15cm.
What are your hobbies? Do you play sports?
I neither play well nor like sports.
- Young Shim isn't athletic either. - Hey.
All right. You'll exchange eye contact as the final step.
Here you go. 1, 2, 3.
My apologies.
I'm sorry.
Reum!
You... You came.
I'm sorry I came late.
Hey, Jin Jin. Young Shim.
Hi, Ji Won. Wait.
I thought you were Ji Won.
Hello. Nice to meet you.
I see. Is he your boyfriend, Young Shim?
- Are you her boyfriend? - No.
- No? - He's my boss.
You're boss? Okay.
I'll see you around.
Bye.
I keep thinking that he looks more like an announcer.
Where did that come from?
No, I get that often.
You do, don't you?
Jin Jin. There's your other half.
Hey, Min Ho. Didn't you miss me?
Surprisingly, no.
- Is that so? - Are you here for Jin Jin?
- No. I'm here for her money. - What?
You said you'd pay me 100 dollars. You need to pay up front.
- My gosh. - He's so materialistic.
He came for money.
- I'll get going then. - Get home safely.
- Bye. - Goodnight.
- Goodbye. - Take care.
See you later. Bye.
- See you. - Bye.
The greatest maestros of the time...
always conducted Vienna Philharmonic Orchestra.
It's always been like that.
This year, for the first time...
in history,
the youngest conductor,
Gustavo Dudamel, is going to...
Why is my jacket so dusty?
Hey, why are you doing that? Stop dusting off your jacket.
Hey, pull over.
- Why? - I said pull over.
Okay.
Reum, is there something wrong?
- I hate classical music. - Is that so?
And I'm not neat like you. I'm really messy.
Really?
I don't think we are compatible.
You think so?
Be honest with me. Don't you feel uneasy around me? Isn't it awkward?
Well, just a little.
Let's go back to being friends.
What just happened?
Did I just get dumped?
Did I?
You should be yourself, and I should be myself.
We should go back to being our normal selves.
Let's stop trying to adjust to each other's tastes.
- Gosh, you surprised me. - What do you think?
- I think it's a great idea. - Is it all right with you?
Yes, I'm fine with that.
- Okay. Then let's go. - Shall we?
- I felt like that too. - Gosh, I feel so much better now.
Do you?
Lawyer Jang, do you know what my dream is?
I want to be rich.
But I realized that you can't become something just because you want to.
You're right.
I have another dream.
- What is it? - To win the spring writing contest.
Why are you laughing? I majored in Korean literature.
Really?
That's unexpected. You suddenly seem very romantic.
But I gave up.
In my first year of college, my father passed away.
It was a medical accident.
It was supposed to be a simple knee surgery.
But he passed away.
My mom told me...
that we should just ignore what happened.
That's why I started studying law.
I thought there could be others like me who give up.
I wanted to be of help to them.
My dad is a guard.
He started working recently.
My dad...
has been poor all his life.
He will still be poor in the future.
And...
just like what happened to you when you were 20,
if something bad happens to him,
no lawyer will be there to stand up for him.
So...
I want you to work for a long time...
and not get sick of it.
For my dad too.
Gosh, it's cold.
- It really feels like winter now. - You're right.
- Come quickly, pig. - You can go in first.
[VIU Ver] E25 20th Century Boy & Girl "While You Are in Love"
-= Ruo Xi =-
It's cold. I want a cup of hot chocolate.
You know Young Shim's senior, right? The one you drank with.
The one that said, "Don't be late, Young Shim," came today.
He's really handsome.
She said he looks like a squid, but he doesn't.
But he's not a good drinker.
When he was a freshman, he got drunk after drinking a glass of beer...
and threw up on someone he liked.
He said he threw up from the second floor once.
It would have been like a vomit free fall.
He doesn't drink very well, but he really enjoys the mood.
- Isn't that funny? - It is.
How about you? Did it go well?
Yes. It did.
I had a nice meal.
I see.
Have your hot chocolate.
It's warm.
(Sa Jin Jin on a Secret Date during the Honeymoon on "We Got Married")
(Sending Mail)
Yes, I sent the article. Yes, at 7pm today.
(Entertainment Today)
(Sa Jin Jin on a Secret Date during the Honeymoon on "We Got Married")
Sa Jin Jin, come eat.
(Sa Jin Jin dating)
Honeymoon?
(Sa Jin Jin On a Secret Date at the Honeymoon of "We Got Married")
This is why people think of reporters as lowly.
Are you happy with writing fake news to fish people?
I knew it when you made a fuss about this being an exclusive.
Did you eat something wrong? Are you out of your mind?
You must be crazy.
Yes, I'm crazy. I must be out of my mind.
(Sa Jin Jin on a Secret Date during the Honeymoon on "We Got Married")
Lee Chul Min, did you see the article?
Do you feel like sleeping now?
You sound like you had a good sleep.
Yes, it's been a while since I've slept well.
I couldn't sleep at all just in case it went all wrong.
I told you not to worry.
How can you be so confident?
I'm Anthony.
(Incoming Call)
It's Jeong Young Jin.
- Reporter Jeong. We met earlier. - Yes.
I must be old-fashioned sometimes.
I feel like criticizing you for the idiotic things you've done today.
But I feel like we should just give and take.
I'll get a hundred times more.
I want a hundred times the price I was offered.
Here's your bankbook. This is 50,000 dollars.
I'm not saying that I won't write about it.
When you're done with the program, I'll take a new photo.
But there is one thing you need to make sure of.
If other papers print about Sa Jin Jin's dating life,
I'm going to disclose this picture as an exclusive.
Even if I get sued, I won't blur it.
Make sure she's more careful.
(Exclusive)
(Sa Jin Jin on a Secret Date during the Honeymoon on "We Got Married")
(By: An anonymous person)
Why do we have two fish for breakfast?
I don't really think you're getting older.
Why does your appetite grow every day?
You always have specific things that you want to have.
Do you really want to bother me like that?
Is it wrong to tell you about the things that I want to eat?
These foods...
Dad,
do you want to grow up?
These are all good for growth.
He's probably jealous because only you guys are tall.
Gosh.
They're good for the eyes too.
Maybe I should've bought Dad's too.
I only bought one for Mom.
What is this?
They're reading glasses. You said you have farsightedness.
Why did you buy it? I don't need it.
I bought it myself because I knew you'd say that.
Let's go to the optician's.
You should get examined and get proper glasses.
- That's better for you. - I'm fine.
Don't mind me.
The concept of the limited edition shows...
a cosmos that blooms in the ice...
with the moisture that has passed on from the ancient times.
It was created to signify...
that we'll help reclaim and recover the skin during the winter.
This product will be sold as a limited edition this Christmas.
Ji Won.
Do you know what the meaning of cosmos is?
Not just any meaning.
The one that my sister made.
It means "I love you."
Sir.
President Gong?
Please check if there are similar products from our competitors.
And please add questions about container preferences...
in the customer survey this month.
Yes, sir.
(Cremo Skin Renewal Cream)
Thank you.
It looks good, right?
It was drawn by a famous illustrator on social media.
It took me a lot of effort to recruit that illustrator.
Have you met in person? What's that person's name?
I didn't. That person didn't even have an email.
Then how did you make contact?
I sent a message on social media.
There was no other way. I couldn't even find out a phone number.
I tried to look that person up, but no one knows that person's...
gender, age, or what that person used to do.
That's probably why it looks kind of mysterious.
What about the nickname?
The nickname was "Love Cosmos".
I need you to find out about that person. Find out everything.
(Episode 26 will air shortly.)